Extend (Node type)
	This is declaring what type of node this code extends from.
	This can only be applied to nodes of the same type.
	SO if you have a code that extends Sprite2D, it can only be applied to nodes of Sprite2D

Variables
	var (name)
		var is short for variant, variant can be of any type and can change types during 
		run time if needed.
	
	var (name) : (type)
		typed variables are used to make a variant only of one type. It is best practice
		to use typed variants to help with debugging and keeping things clean and explicit.
	
	different commonly used types are:
		int: integer, which is a whole number ex. 1,2,3,4,5,... and can go negative
		float: float is all real numbers ex. 1.245, 10.37 and so on
		bool: booleans are used for true and false
		Vector2: takes two values and hold them together ex. Vector2(x,y) Vector2(5,10)
			can be useful for a location on a 2D grid

	@onready var (name) : (type) = (node path)
		@onready allowes us to connect to child nodes with in the scene by connecting a path
		and giving them a name for us to call to.

	@export var (name) : (type)
		@export allowes us to add a new section in the nodes inspecter which we can then
		dynamicaly allocate to other nodes, or change variables from inspector instead
		of in code

	variables can be ether set globaly (near the top of the page and accessed from any function).
	or we can set them in functions that only they will use and can be accessed from outside.

Functions
	func (function name)((any variables we want to carry in)) -> (return type):
		(code goes here)

	as long as the function is not named exactly the same as a already built in function, we can name them
	what ever we want.
	
	we can pass in any amount of variables that the function can use
	ex. function add_numbers(int : x, int : y) -> int:
	         return x + y
	so if we called add_numbers we can pass in two numbers to return one back add_numbers(5,10)	

	for the return type, if we want nothing to be returned we can set the return type to void
	If we were wanting something returned (like if we have a function that does a calculation and 
	returns an int) in the return type, we put int.

	as long as the code is indented inside the func, it will execute when called, to get out of a function
	we can add pass at the bottom or go back on the indent and start a new function

if / else statments
	we can check for if something is true or false to then execute code or jump to the next check if the
	first one fails and so on.

	ex. if x > 0:
		fire this chunk of code
	    elif x < 0:
		if the first if fails, we can check for other outcomes and fire this code
	    else:
		if all other if/elif fail, we can use this to catch all other outcomes or use it
		to send an error if the other conditions were supposed to be met

calling variables/functions from other nodes/scripts
	when we have a node that we want to change a value of or access a function, we can use . to get to them
	
	If we are wanting to access a variable in another object or code, we need a connection to that node/object.
	
	we can get connection ether through using signals or direct paths with @onready's and @export's
	
	we can then access anything accessable for there
	
	ex. @onready var player : CharacterBody2D = $Player
	
	    player.reset_player()	<- this will call the reset_player() function in the player script
	    player.velocity.x		<- this accesses the players x velocity that we can then change
					   by making it equal something else

Signals
	signals can be established by clicking on a node that you want detecting something and in the top
	right, clicking on signals and double clicking a signal you want. (we used body entered and body exited
	from area2D nodes mostly in this workshop)

	signals will have variables it will pass through that we can use to get information like what has entered
	using if statments.

Groups
	when clicking on a node and going to the top right, next to signals click the circular arrows and there should be another tab called groups.
	we can set up nodes to be of a specific group that we can then check to see if it is something specific
	in the case of the workshop, we set the player to be of group "player" and set that to be global
	this allowes us in a singal for body entered and exited to check if it is_of_group("player")
	and if so, it will exicute the code, other wise it will just pass over.